# ![A house in Roanoke Star AI-generated content may be incorrect.](./media/image1.png)

# Contoso Zermatt National Bank

## Company Overview

**Contoso Zermatt Bank** is a leading financial institution based in
Switzerland. It operates in the financial services industry, providing a
range of services related to securities transactions, financial
information processing, and cashless payment transactions.

## Customer Situation

Contoso Zermatt National Bank is facing significant challenges that
impact their operations and service delivery. These include the need for
efficient access and analysis of information, leveraging advanced
technologies, automating repetitive tasks, ensuring data security and
compliance, and improving the productivity of Financial Advisers and
Branch Personnel.

The bank aims to enhance the efficiency of knowledge workers by
simplifying the processes of reviewing, summarizing, and generating
content. Additionally, they seek to improve the productivity of
Financial Advisers and Branch Personnel by efficiently accessing branch
guidelines and procedures documentation, which varies based on the
customer's geography and financial products offered. This approach will
help streamline operations, ensure regulatory compliance, and provide a
secure and efficient service to its employees.

## Business Challenges

Contoso Zermatt Bank faces several challenges that need to be addressed
to improve their operations and service delivery:

-   **Efficient Access and Analysis of Information**: Contoso Zermatt
    Bank needs to enhance the efficiency with which its employees can
    access and analyze comprehensive internal information. Currently,
    the process is cumbersome and time-consuming, leading to delays in
    decision-making and service delivery. This inefficiency can hinder
    the bank\'s ability to respond quickly to market changes and
    customer needs.

-   **Insights**: The bank recognizes the need to extract valuable
    insights from vast amounts of documents. However, the current
    methods of analyzing these documents may be inadequate, leading to
    missed opportunities for gaining deeper understanding and making
    informed decisions. This challenge involves finding ways to
    effectively interpret and utilize the information contained within
    these documents.

-   **Automation of Repetitive Tasks**: Many tasks within the bank are
    repetitive and time-consuming, such as data entry, scheduling, and
    basic customer inquiries. These tasks can take up a significant
    portion of employees\' time, reducing their ability to focus on more
    complex and value-added activities. Streamlining and automating
    these repetitive tasks can free up resources and improve overall
    efficiency.

-   **Data Security and Compliance**: Ensuring robust data security and
    compliance with legal and regulatory requirements is critical for
    the bank. This involves protecting sensitive information from
    unauthorized access and ensuring that data handling practices comply
    with regulations such as GDPR and the Swiss Data Protection Act.
    Failure to do so can result in legal repercussions and damage to the
    bank\'s reputation.

-   **Efficient Information Retrieval**: Financial Advisers at the bank
    need quick and easy access to relevant guidelines and procedures to
    provide accurate and timely advice to clients. However, the current
    process of retrieving this information may be inefficient, leading
    to delays and potential errors in service delivery. Improving the
    speed and accuracy of information retrieval is essential for
    maintaining high service standards.

-   **Geographical Variability**: The bank\'s documentation varies based
    on the customer\'s geography and the financial products offered.
    This variability adds complexity to the documentation process,
    making it challenging to ensure consistency and accuracy across
    different regions. Addressing this challenge involves finding ways
    to manage and standardize documentation while accommodating regional
    differences.

-   **Productivity Improvement**: Enhancing the productivity of
    Financial Advisers and Branch Personnel is a key priority for the
    bank. This involves finding ways to reduce the time spent on
    administrative tasks and improve the overall efficiency of their
    work processes. By doing so, the bank can ensure that its employees
    can focus more on providing high-quality service to clients and
    achieving business goals.

## Customer Requirements

To address these challenges, Contoso Zermatt Bank has outlined the
following requirements:

### Regulatory Compliance

-   **Data Privacy**: Compliance with data privacy regulations such as
    GDPR and Swiss Data Protection Act.

-   **Financial Regulations**: Adherence to financial regulations and
    standards set by FINMA (Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
    Authority).

### Technical Requirements

-   **AI-Powered Platform**: Implementation of an AI-powered platform
    that provides easy access to internal information through a simple
    interface, tailored for enterprise use.

-   **Integration Capabilities**: The platform should integrate with
    various sources like internal databases, SharePoint, Confluence, and
    different API interfaces.

-   **Document Processing**: Capabilities to analyze, draft, and
    summarize information, answer specific questions, and ensure data
    security and compliance.

-   **Custom Chatbot Assistants**: Development of custom chatbot
    assistants for specific needs to automate repetitive tasks.

-   **AI-Powered Assistant**: Development of an AI Assistant to provide
    contextual access and concise information on branch guidelines and
    procedures.

### Security and Compliance

-   **Robust Security Features**: The platform must include robust
    security features to protect sensitive information.

-   **Compliance with Legal Requirements**: Ensure compliance with
    current legal and regulatory requirements for data handling and
    privacy.

-   **AI Content Safety**: Leveraging AI Content Safety and auditing all
    user interactions with the AI Assistant.

### User Access

-   **Accessibility**: The platform should be accessible to all
    employees via their devices, ensuring ease of use and availability.

## Personas

### Louis Cartier

> Building trusted relationships with clients is paramount, but
> efficiency should enhance rather than hinder this process.

#### Pain Points

-   **Inefficiency in the initial financial assessment process**

    -   **Recent Experience:** Spent over 10 hours gathering redundant
        information for a new client.

    -   **Impact:** Slows down client onboarding, leading to frustration
        and possible client attrition.

    -   **Importance Score:** 8

    -   **Current Strategies:** Manual review of historical data and
        lengthy interviews with clients.

    -   **Current Challenges:** Data collection is time-consuming and
        prone to human error.

    -   **Satisfaction Score:** 5

    -   **Opportunity Score:** 9

    -   **Additional Challenges:** Lack of integration between various
        data systems.

    -   **Desired Solution:** A centralized digital platform for
        seamless and efficient data collection.

-   **Difficulty maintaining personalized service with growing client
    base**

    -   **Recent Experience:** Missed sending a birthday message to one
        of his VIP clients.

    -   **Impact:** Impacts personal relationship and client retention.

    -   **Importance Score:** 9

    -   **Current Strategies:** Using a spreadsheet to track important
        client milestones.

    -   **Current Challenges:** High potential for oversight and
        inability to scale with growing numbers.

    -   **Satisfaction Score:** 4

    -   **Opportunity Score:** 8

    -   **Additional Challenges:** Balancing personalization with scale
        in communications.

    -   **Desired Solution:** Automated CRM system with reminders and
        personalized messaging capabilities.

#### Behaviors

-   Detail-oriented

-   Proactively communicates with clients

-   Continuously updates knowledge on market trends

#### Job to Be Done

To streamline financial assessments and maintain high-quality client
relationships as the client base expands.

### Amélie Zhang

> Comprehending and adapting to regulatory landscapes is critical yet
> poses significant operational challenges.

#### Pain Points

-   **Risk management complexities across international regulations**

    -   **Recent Experience:** Spent weeks verifying investment
        compliance due to new international tax laws.

    -   **Impact:** Delay in implementing client strategies and
        potential loss of investment opportunities.

    -   **Importance Score:** 10

    -   **Current Strategies:** Regular training and consultation with
        legal advisors to keep up-to-date.

    -   **Current Challenges:** Frequent changes in international
        regulations require constant adaptation.

    -   **Satisfaction Score:** 6

    -   **Opportunity Score:** 7

    -   **Additional Challenges:** High-volume of constantly changing
        information is overwhelming.

    -   **Desired Solution:** Advanced compliance software that is
        updated in real-time with regulatory changes.

-   **Measuring and acting on customer satisfaction effectively**

    -   **Recent Experience:** Received mixed feedback from a client
        survey but found the data too generic for action.

    -   **Impact:** Lack of actionable insights to improve services.

    -   **Importance Score:** 7

    -   **Current Strategies:** Annual surveys and follow-up calls to
        discuss results.

    -   **Current Challenges:** Surveys lack precision and depth,
        leading to generic feedback.

    -   **Satisfaction Score:** 5

    -   **Opportunity Score:** 6

    -   **Additional Challenges:** Difficult distinguishing between
        unique client needs through broad surveys.

    -   **Desired Solution:** Sophisticated client feedback analysis
        tools that offer specific improvement areas.

#### Behaviors

-   Analytical and data-driven

-   Keeps abreast with regulatory changes

-   Fosters communication with technical experts

#### Job to Be Done

To ensure client investment strategies are compliant and customized to
their needs, while navigating complex regulatory landscapes.

## Example processes

The following examples illustrate the complexity and importance of
following detailed processes to ensure compliance and security in
financial advisory roles at Contoso Zermatt Bank.

Mistakes in these processes can have a big financial impact, both on the
bank and their customers, and can pose a high risk of credibility loss.

### Example 1: Cross-Border Investment Advisory

#### Process Overview

Advising a client on cross-border investments involves understanding and
complying with the regulatory requirements of both the client\'s home
country and the country where the investment is being made.

#### Steps

1.  **Client Profiling**:

    -   Verify the client\'s identity and residency status.

    -   Assess the client\'s risk tolerance and investment goals.

2.  **Regulatory Compliance Check**:

    -   Review the regulatory requirements of the client\'s home
        country.

    -   Ensure compliance with the investment regulations of the target
        country.

3.  **Investment Proposal**:

    -   Prepare an investment proposal that aligns with the client\'s
        goals and complies with both jurisdictions\' regulations.

    -   Include detailed information on tax implications, reporting
        requirements, and potential risks.

4.  **Approval and Documentation**:

    -   Obtain necessary approvals from compliance and legal
        departments.

    -   Document all client interactions and approvals for audit
        purposes.

5.  **Execution and Monitoring**:

    -   Execute the investment transactions.

    -   Continuously monitor the investment and provide regular updates
        to the client.

#### Challenges

-   Navigating different regulatory environments.

-   Ensuring accurate and timely reporting.

-   Managing tax implications across jurisdictions.

### Example 2: High-Net-Worth Individual (HNWI) Wealth Management

#### Process Overview

Managing the wealth of high-net-worth individuals requires personalized
financial planning and strict adherence to regulatory standards.

#### Steps

1.  **Initial Consultation**:

    -   Conduct a comprehensive financial assessment of the client.

    -   Understand the client\'s financial goals, risk appetite, and
        investment preferences.

2.  **Customized Financial Plan**:

    -   Develop a tailored financial plan that includes investment
        strategies, tax planning, estate planning, and risk management.

    -   Ensure the plan complies with relevant regulations and tax laws.

3.  **Regulatory Compliance**:

    -   Verify that all investment products and strategies comply with
        local and international regulations.

    -   Ensure proper documentation and reporting for tax purposes.

4.  **Implementation**:

    -   Execute the financial plan, including investments, insurance,
        and estate planning measures.

    -   Coordinate with legal and tax advisors to ensure compliance.

5.  **Ongoing Management and Review**:

    -   Regularly review and adjust the financial plan based on changes
        in the client\'s circumstances or regulatory environment.

    -   Provide detailed reports and updates to the client.

#### Challenges

-   Managing complex financial portfolios.

-   Ensuring compliance with evolving regulations.

-   Providing personalized service while maintaining security and
    confidentiality.

### Example 3: Anti-Money Laundering (AML) Compliance

#### Process Overview

Ensuring compliance with anti-money laundering regulations is critical
to prevent financial crimes and protect the bank\'s reputation.

#### Steps

1.  **Client Due Diligence (CDD)**:

    -   Conduct thorough background checks on new clients.

    -   Verify the source of funds and assess the client\'s risk
        profile.

2.  **Transaction Monitoring**:

    -   Implement automated systems to monitor transactions for
        suspicious activity.

    -   Flag and investigate any transactions that deviate from the
        client\'s normal behavior.

3.  **Reporting**:

    -   Report suspicious transactions to the relevant authorities as
        required by law.

    -   Maintain detailed records of all transactions and
        investigations.

4.  **Training and Awareness**:

    -   Provide regular training to staff on AML regulations and
        procedures.

    -   Ensure all employees are aware of their responsibilities in
        preventing money laundering.

5.  **Audit and Review**:

    -   Conduct regular audits of AML processes and systems.

    -   Review and update AML policies and procedures to comply with new
        regulations.

#### Challenges

-   Keeping up with evolving AML regulations.

-   Ensuring accurate and timely reporting.

-   Balancing customer service with regulatory compliance.

## Conclusion

Contoso Zermatt Bank is focused on enhancing employee efficiency and
improving access to information through the implementation of an
AI-powered platform. By addressing the outlined challenges and meeting
the specified requirements, the bank aims to streamline operations,
ensure regulatory compliance, and provide a secure and efficient service
to its employees. Additionally, the bank seeks to enhance the
productivity of its Financial Advisers and Branch Personnel by
implementing an AI-powered assistant to streamline access to guidelines
and procedures, ensuring efficient and secure operations.

The main challenges are keeping up with evolving AML regulations
(example 3), ensuring accurate and timely reporting for HNWI (example
2), and balancing customer service with regulatory compliance within
cross-border investment advisory (example 1).
